feat: add libratbag (#123)
travier/fedora-sysexts: libratbag/README.md

# libratbag

> `libratbag` is a daemon that allows users to configure special features in certain input devices, such as extra buttons in gaming mice and keyboards. The full list of supported devices is available at the [project repository](github.com/libratbag/libratbag/tree/master).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`libratbag` is a daemon that allows users to configure special features in certain input devices, such as extra buttons in gaming mice and keyboards.
The full list of supported devices is available at the [project repository](https://github.com/libratbag/libratbag).
```
